do you want to sell a digital product
and make money
look i've done that and i've made
millions of dollars from that even
though i don't do that anymore i still
know how to do it really well hey
everyone i'm dale patel and today i'm
going to teach you how to develop and
sell a digital product step by step i'm
going to break down my million dollar
formula
before i get started make sure you
subscribe to this channel
and click the alert notification if
you're on youtube
most people don't know this but i used
to sell info products and that's all i
used to do for a long time technically
not that long but a few years and i got
my revenue up to
seventy one 371 dollars and eight
hundred and eighty two dollars on an
average month that's not bad i had some
months where i was doing six hundred
thousand someone said i was doing maybe
200 grand that's per month and i did it
well over a year i'm going to show you
how to replicate this and here's the
thing the reason i stopped doing this is
i wanted to build a bigger business but
if you're looking for a lifestyle
business selling info products isn't bad
i just hated it because as i was selling
info products i realized if i want to
keep growing out i had to create more
products and treat it like a real
business instead of a lifestyle business
but there's no reason why you can't make
millions of dollars and run it like a
lifestyle business it's just hard to
make tens of millions of dollars
running it like a lifestyle business
step number one
run surveys and through surveymonkey you
can find out what your audience wants
the problems the pain points their
dreams
here's the thing if you don't know their
pain points their issues then you're not
going to know what product to create
this is really important if you don't
have an audience that's okay figure out
what product you want to create or what
industry you want to be in more so you
don't have to figure out what product
most of the industry and go talk to
people and figure out what issues they
have once you get these pain points
you'll now know what product crate that
can solve these solutions because if
everyone's telling you they got the same
problem so for me my product was around
getting traffic to your website because
everyone's like neil we want to learn
marketing but we can't figure out how to
get traffic to our website we just want
to know how to get 5 10 20 000 visitors
so i created a product around that
because that was everyone's pain point
or at least the majority of the people's
pain point for my audience
step number two you need to create a
webinar one of the best ways to sell a
info product is through a webinar and
when you're selling a webinar you want
to hook them early why should they sell
so mine was i'm going to show you how to
get let's say 100
332 visitors i'm making it up right now
and that would be what i would create a
webinar on and i'm hooking them because
they want to learn that and then i give
them a reason to stick around i'm like
hey at the end of the webinar i'm going
to give you a cheat sheet so you can
take these steps and implement step by
step
so that way they stick around till the
end of the webinar because if they don't
stick around to the end of webinar it's
hard for me to sell them on anything
and within the webinar i'll break down
the tactics people can leverage to get
those strategies
and i'm going to give them the
solutions
right and how they can do it step by
step or more so the strategies and how
they can do it step by step
and they're going to look at this and be
like this is going to take a lot of work
but then i'll have a call to action and
it'll be like would you like a way to do
this quicker and more automated that
could be through software or that could
be a formula that i've created and like
if you want that
i have a product that you can check out
and through tools like webinar jam or
every webinar you can actually show a
call to action when you're talking about
your solution
and people can click a button and buy it
and what's cool is when you're doing
this you'll start getting a lot of
clicks and a lot of sales because people
were there for the whole webinar
learning your strategy like yeah i would
love a way to get this done quicker and
faster or
more automated and easier right step by
step so speed and automation anything
that can make someone get the results
faster or with less work is a way to get
majority of the sales and when you're
offering this step three make sure you
have a money back guarantee that way
they know there's no risk and if they're
not happy people don't have to you know
be stuck with it they can get their
money back and what we did is we went
even one step further than the
money-back guarantee for everyone who
watched a webinar and within seven days
and even purchased we sent them a free
trial offer a one dollar offer and that
got us quite a few more sales
step four offer ongoing training updates
and weekly coaching and when you do this
and you keep adding new products new
deliverables it makes where you can keep
selling more and more and it just makes
it so much easier now every year you
need to refresh your product if you
don't do that but if you do you're much
more likely to generate way more sales
step five create amazing community
people who want to do courses with other
people like them because people want to
go throughout this journey learn with
others just like when you go into a
classroom or a college class or a high
school class people want to learn with
others have a group be able to work
together help each other solve their
problems super effective in getting more
sales step six
scale up your revenue with paid ads if
you already have an audience send those
emails out convince them to get in there
but if you don't start with facebook ads
and then youtube second
and just have a hook on a free webinar
we used to do this and spend over a
hundred grand a month during our peak
super effective is actually more
effective than running seo traffic to
the webinar step seven be patient
because you may not get all the revenue
you want right away so you have to use
google analytics to create a funnel and
see where people are dropping off it
could be they're dropping off in your
webinar or your checkout page or they're
asking for a refund within seven days or
30 days almost everyone is if everyone's
asking for a refund that means you can
improve your product if everyone's
dropping off at the webinar you need to
maybe give more tips or ask people after
they're in your webinar hey why don't
you buy what was wrong what could i
improve getting that feedback will help
you improve so that way you can get the
revenue you want anyone tells you you're
gonna get this results and make the
money within one day or 30 days
is usually full of it it takes some
testing and tweaking but within three to
six months you should see amazing
results
now if you have any questions on this
you can leave a comment below i'm here
to help you out sadly we don't offer
this service
at my ad agency we don't really help
people create info products but there's
a lot of tools out there like the
kajabis of the world that can help you
get kickstarted
and if you enjoyed all this just make
sure you subscribe to the channel thank
you for watching